
# resource_catalog

This application was inspired by working during the 2016 election cycle in a series of capacities looking to amp up local activism and generate more linkages between election-excitement and grassroots campaigns. One of the reoccurring messages repeated time and again as new and old were drawn back into the political arena was the uncertainty of how 'best' to plug in. Most people seemed to be eager to get involved in varying capacities--some wanting to dive head-first into particular projects; others, unsure of where their passions lie, desiring to sample different issue-based campaigns--however either lacked the connections or direction to result in much follow up. And even for the few that did regularly show up to events, activist climate can sometimes feel more exclusive than inviting--particularly acknowledging that planning sessions and strategy meetings rapidly degenerate as more and more members (particularly and especially those without experience) add themselves to the ranks and wish to have their voice heard. Because of a combination of these factors and many more, we watched as local organizations and campaigns desperate for bodies but not fast enough on the uptake, lost the energy that could have been capitalized upon post election.

This app, a shared resource catalog, is designed with some of these failures, inefficiencies, and lost opportunities in mind. It is a basic idea in premise: the app allows for users to upload their name to a database of associated skillsets and physical assets, with the explicit intention of sharing and trading them in order to accomplish a mutual/communal goal. Often in the activist arena, people with a wealth of resources and a desire to help are lost as a newly formed group, without an adequate messaging system or communication network, . The Resource Catalog (RC) will help groups such as these clearly log those resources, setting up an internal search system that will link a group user with other members of their group of a desired skillset. Each user is added only through invite from an admin, and in order to create an account must provide their own skills and resources before being admitted to the app. Once part of the group, each user is given a profile page that links to their own LinkedIn profile (if they have one), so as to encourage users to expand and access other people's professional network. Internally, the app provides a quick and easy way to search for needed expertise. If, for instance, a small group is assigned to a project that involves setting up meeting space, or gathering art materials, yet those assigned lack these materials, members will be able to type "art supplies" or "meeting space" into the resource database query and look up if any of their fellows have offered such things to the public space.

In line with its interest in amping up and adding to grassroots efficacy, a user can belong to multiple groups, but group sizes are limited to 150 -- Dunbar's Number -- stemming from evolutionary anthropologist Robin Dunbar and later studies which strongly suggest that groups larger than this number tend to see a subsequent and immediate loss in relational stability, efficiency/communication, and functional group dynamic:

https://www.forbes.com/sites/kenmakovsky/2014/08/07/dunbars-number-and-the-need-for-relationship-management/#54c129b9397b
https://medium.com/@social_archi/dunbars-number-1a8d75b94576
https://ed.ted.com/on/SuXNvTzp
>>>>>>> 31756927c95beca6d6d8af5531de9dd7293d434c
